[Music]
Have you ever been
in a situation
where getting something
done urgently meant
that you were unable to follow
a policy or procedure precisely?
This kind of conflict is common
and it can be very stressful
as we struggle
to make the best decision.
Imagine you are contacted
by a colleague
in another department
who claims to be working
with one of our executives.
The colleague says that the
executive has become flustered
and cannot locate credentials
for an online system
that she knows
you have access to.
Do you act like the hero
and provide your credentials,
knowing very well that doing
so could violate our information
security policies
or do you refer the colleague
to our IT Department,
knowing that it may cause
the executive time,
and that you may be perceived
as having been unhelpful?
It can feel like
you’re being pulled
in two different directions.
The good news is that by the end
of this brief video,
you’ll have the tools
to confidently
make the right choices
for both yourself
and for the company avoid,
potential disciplinary action
and feel a whole lot better
in the process.
The first step to understanding
Information Security
is being able to define it.
or "InfoSec", relates to the steps
we take to protect electronic
and physical information,
as well as ensure the integrity
of our technology systems.
Consider for a minute just
how much sensitive information
we have on our systems -
like financial details,
health information,
personally identifiable
information, trade secrets,
and other
intellectual property.
Without security
measures, our organization
becomes vulnerable
to data breaches
where unauthorized people
can access, modify, disclose
or even destroy
our valuable information.
Once we understand
the definition
of Information Security,
the next step is to be alert
to those trying to compromise
our systems and data.
Examples include
"social engineers"
who are people
trying to manipulate us
into divulging
confidential information
or allowing unauthorized
access to our systems.
This could be a caller
pretending to be someone
in a position of authority
or someone you think you should
trust sending you an email
encouraging you
to download new software.
In the latter situation
this "phishing" email
may contain downloads
and links infected
with what’s called "malware",
like viruses and trojans,
maliciously designed
to gather usernames
and passwords, destroy content,
steal trade secrets,
or even lock systems for ransom.
We should always be alert to
anyone attempting to gain access
to our system or facilities.
Even when our devices are locked,
an experienced hacker
can enter systems if they have
physical access and enough time.
Be sure to contact
building security immediately
if you notice any person, whether
an employee or a stranger,
in any unauthorized area.
Finally, to ensure information
security,
we all must TAKE SPECIFIC
PRECAUTIONS such as:
Make timely system updates
and routinely
run pre-approved
anti-virus applications
as instructed by
our IT department.
Only download items
from trusted sources.
Lock computer, laptop
and phone screens
when they are not in use.
Always create unique passwords
that are easy to remember
but difficult
for others to guess,
incorporating a variety
of lower and uppercase letters,
numbers and symbols,
with at least eight characters.
Never give your passwords
to anyone without first
consulting with our
IT Department.
Never leave devices unattended
or in public view
and report instances of theft
to IT immediately.
Never send confidential
information via email
or instant message.
Always use Virtual Private
Networking or VPN
instead of using any unsecure or
possibly dangerous public Wi-Fi.
And of course, immediately
report any suspected data breach
to our IT, security,
or compliance departments,
no matter how insignificant
you think it might be.
In summary, the key
is to understand
what information security is.
Stay alert to those trying
to breach our systems
and take all
of the safety precautions,
outlined by our IT Department.
Three simple steps to ensuring
information and system security.
Going back to the situation
involving the phone call
from your colleague,
it’s now probably pretty clear
that you can’t provide your
credentials for the executive.
In the short run, it may feel
like you didn’t help the team
in a moment of need,
but in the long run,
you’ll avoid the consequences
of violating company policy.
Our information security
will remain strong,
and your colleagues
will recognize
that you are a person
who does the right thing,
even when it seems
difficult to do so.
Now, doesn’t that make you
feel better already?
If you have any questions
about Information Security
or other compliance issues,
please contact
our IT or Compliance Department.
We are here to help!
[Music]